---
layout: post
title: An unforgettable winter
date: 2020-02-16
categories:
  - Meaning Seeker
description: First Chapter
image: 
image-sm: 
---

*It is always hard to narrate the thoughts. Especially for me—I always find that fragments are easy to form but the logics connecting them are elusive to construct.*

# 1

It had already been 22 days since she last stepped of the house. Looking into the distance of the night, Rosella stood in front of the window reflecting on the past month.

An unheralded 'plague' swept the whole world, particularly severe in her hometown, Wuhan, which is the origin of this nasty outbreak. The city was locked down on 23rd Jan. And she, therefore, was trapped in these cages.

Thinking of this, she couldn't help feeling forlorn. The girl was indignant about everything. She wanna blame the authority for its autarchy and hypocrisy. She wanna take it out on those residents in other province, some of whom had been, from the first day of the outbreak, blaming and insulting the Wuhanese as if it were them who had caused this disaster. She found those media controlled by the Communism hilarious.

However mad she was, she could not change a bit of this world. So what is the meaning of her existence—considering there's no good on both her and the world's sides?

A tide of hopelessness overwhelmed her. Though she had know a long time before that no souls are mutual, it was hard to accept the truth. There were never reliability or compassion from anyone else—this was her creed now.

# 2

Tears ran down her face. It was the first day of lunar New year. Rosella took a knife from the kitchen and locked her self in her bedroom. She observed the shining blade recalling the summer two years ago: exactly the same scene, but ended with fearing for the pain cost by death. So was this time. She hated herself, for being a coward.

Those who commit suicide are real brave. You may reproach them for being irresponsible, but you can never deny their courage when facing the death.

'I am the true reprobate—don't have the backbone to go straight along, yet lack the courage to pay the price of paradise,' She hated herself.

All of this began with a small quarrel with her mom. The love between them are undeniable and unparalleled, she knew that. But she just couldn't get off her mind her mom's once saying 'Everyone must still go on no matter who has gone.' Her heart first sunk at hearing this, then lifted again, 'Then I can end my life without guiltiness'.

She sometimes feel herself being too sensitive. Those are just trivial things which probably bear no weight on someone else. However, she just couldn't overcome them at that moment. She hated the world. She hated those compatriots who had betrayed her hometown. She didn't want any more obscure papers to beat her confidence down. She couldn't find a proper summer internship, neither wanna prepared for GRE and determined that avoiding all these would be a better choice. And what was worse, she couldn't find anything in the world to keep her 'alive'. Yes, she was literarily alive, but in some obscure sense, she was not. Life was fine, but nothing so special that worth sticking around. She didn't like what she was doing, she didn't like her research and she could hardly see a happy future following her current schedule. Everything was just, boring.

She seemed never have been truly happy for the past few years.

Is that depression?

She couldn't figure what exactly depression is. Is it an excuse for cowardice? Is it a motion trap we create ourselves? Or is it a genetic factor we have to take seriously?

# 5

Another winter vacation without doing anything. Everyone else had at least done something.

'Everyone else is at least good at something. But I am not. I am totally useless,' she thought.

# 6

Call me by your name and I'll call you by mine

She vaguely believed that it was more advisable for her to apply for a PhD in Europe.
